# TFC---Reconnect-Hackathon
Prototype design for a mobile application that goes by the name of 'Time for a challenge' created during the Reconnect Hackathon which took place from 14.10.2022. to 16.10.2022.
During these three days my team and I put together an effort to create something unique. The topic was 'Reconnecting'.
Our idea came from an old traditional game of 'Truth or Dare'. Everyone played a variation of this game at some point of their lives so we decided to convert it into an app. The decision was to focus on the 'dare' segment since it was a better fit for the given topic. We wanted to reconnect and resocialize people that have already known each other. The concept is pretty simple. You have a 'friends' section where you can add your friends by entering their name and their unique code. You gather with your group of friends IRL, create a lobby inside the application, divide yourselves into teams and start playing. Once you start playing a list of tasks or 'dares' will be on your main screen. An example of a task would be, go to the supermarket and buy a drink. Once you complete the dare, you tick off the completed dare and take a photo/video proof which you have to send in the group chat that is created once you create the lobby itself. Every dare is worth an x amount of points. Whichever team scores the most points in a given time frame is a winner. Points that you've scored during the game are awarded to your personal account. Those points can then be used to purchase in-game items such as avatars, banners or little plushies (very cute).
LINK TO THE FIGMA PROJECT - https://www.figma.com/file/nS4X0ZSVxk4zZmq2343MOu/TFC?node-id=0%3A1
